good morning it's september 18
2020 and once again
if you can believe it it's a friday
here in l.a much clearer skies
because i think the winds are blowing
eastward
blowing the smoke all the way across the
country
across the atlantic ocean all the way
over to europe i've heard
very still right now around
68 degrees fahrenheit
20 celsius today i'm thinking about the
great
buddy holly buddy holly's songs
peggy sue not fade away
that'll be the day so many great songs
what a great player
singer and songwriter he was
and as many of you know buddy holly was
killed
in the late 50s 59
in a plane crash along with richie
valens and the big bopper
should be going up to around
93 degrees fahrenheit this afternoon
around 34 celsius and it looks like we
might be having
blue skies and golden sunshine today
[Music]
everyone have a great day